docs/README.md, before:

# Move content

**Transfer content, comments and likes from one user or space to another.**

## Overview

Use cases:
- A user has deleted their account and later recreated it and wants to recover their content.
- A user closes their account but wants to transfer their content to another user first.
- A user accidentally creates 2 accounts and wants to merge the content created in one account into the other.
- Merging the content of a space into another

## Administration

- Go to `Administration` -> `Users` or `Space` -> `Move content`

## Pricing

This module is free, but is the result of a lot of work for the design and maintenance over time.

If it's useful to you, please consider [making a donation](https://www.cuzy.app/checkout/donate/) or [participating in the code](https://github.com/cuzy-app/humhub-modules-move-content). Thanks!

## Repository

https://github.com/cuzy-app/humhub-modules-move-content

## Publisher

[CUZY.APP](https://www.cuzy.app/)

## Licence

[GNU AGPL](https://github.com/cuzy-app/humhub-modules-move-content/blob/master/docs/LICENCE.md)

Commit message:

v2.1.0 - Enh: Possibility to move Users from one Group to another

docs/README.md, after:

# Move content and users

**Transfer Content, Comments and Likes from one User or Space to another.**

**Transfer Users from one Group or Space to another.**

## Overview

Use cases:
- A user has deleted their account and later recreated it and wants to recover their content.
- A user closes their account but wants to transfer their content to another user first.
- A user accidentally creates 2 accounts and wants to merge the content created in one account into the other.
- Merging the content of a space into another
- Transferring users from a Space or Group to another

## Administration

- Go to `Administration` -> `Users` or `Space` -> `Move content`

## Pricing

This module is free, but is the result of a lot of work for the design and maintenance over time.

If it's useful to you, please consider [making a donation](https://www.cuzy.app/checkout/donate/) or [participating in the code](https://github.com/cuzy-app/humhub-modules-move-content). Thanks!

## Repository

https://github.com/cuzy-app/humhub-modules-move-content

## Publisher

[CUZY.APP](https://www.cuzy.app/)

## Licence

[GNU AGPL](https://github.com/cuzy-app/humhub-modules-move-content/blob/master/docs/LICENCE.md)
